_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Updates site with old content

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href="https://www.ed.ac.uk/informatics">University of Edinburgh, School of Informatics</a>.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: 
  
news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Previously at [NVIDIA Research](https://nvr-avg.github.io/). 

I am a PhD student in the [CDT for Robotics and Autonomous Agents](https://www.edinburgh-robotics.org/), advised by [Stefano Albrecht](https://agents.inf.ed.ac.uk/stefano-albrecht/) ([University of Edinburgh](https://www.ed.ac.uk/informatics)) and a member of the [Autonomous Agents Research Group](https://agents.inf.ed.ac.uk/). 

My PhD research is in the area of Multi-Agent Deep Reinforcement Learning. In particular, I study how multiple agents can efficiently explore and learn in environments with sparse rewards.

I am the author and maintainer of the [Multi-Robot Warehouse](https://www.github.com/semitable/robotic-warehouse) environment for multi-agent RL research. I also developed and maintain the Python version of [Level-based Foraging](https://www.github.com/semitable/lb-foraging). Our group has been using both environments to develop new and exciting algorithms for MARL. I am the first author of two such algorithms: Shared Experience Actor-Critic (SEAC), and Selective Parameter Sharing (SePS) that have been published in NeurIPS (2020) and ICML (2021) respectively.

Keywords: Machine Learning, Deep Reinforcement Learning (RL), Multi-agent Systems, Exploration in RL.
